During a recent search for a missing senior in Nantou, Taiwan...
I wasn't alone out there.
WILSON! Is it You?
Oh.
It`s just some old helmet!
The path decides to... move.
A big snake, just casually crossing the road.
Near the high voltage poles,
a huge eagle doing its own inspection of the area.
then launches into the sky.
Passing a water reservoir
carps, just below the surface.
I asked if they'd seen anything.
They kept quiet.
Heavy rain, deep in the forest
something is walking on my arm.
A Joro Spider.
She was not impressed with me either.
Crawling on all fours through the bushes
suddenly, wild pigs.
Digging in the soil, preparing their dinner.
I interrupted.
They screamed.
I climbed a tree.
And then...
near the forest, in a bamboo farm...
Something dark.
Something still.
Something that should not be disturbed.
A bear.
A plush bear.
Just chilling in the bamboo.
Taiwan's forests are full of surprises.
Be safe out there.
hello!
Eva: OK! Carefully!